alright we're heading back to the Old
Confederate afford to see if we can't
find some more civil war relics will let
you know what we find ok I want to show
you guys something we are at a at our
honey hole our Civil War honey hole
trying to find some relics and this is
known about we got to leave it here but
uh right here in this tree where the
tree is growing is the remains of an old
cannonball it's growing in the well you
can see it right here thought I was
pretty cool s definitely something we
have to leave but a you can tell when a
tree had grown into it but the
Cannonball is a right here and the the
fort is behind us so they just put it
here i just wanted to share that with
everybody that the cannonball is still
here I'm still in its original place
where it has been all this time and here
it is all right I'm just found our first
coin for today at this spot also this
place has been people have always been
here so first coin of the day is the
1913 weedy pretty old weedy it was
pretty deep too grats on the first coin
I'm here this sand and to give you some
idea that's probably foot deep for that
six-inch blade six-inch we're probably
13 14 inches deep I found this persevere
persevered hoping to find a coin but
it's got look you can read it sessions
clock company forestville connecticut
USA um not sure what it is but it was
very deep some type of relic I got
roasted not rusty it's not rusted which
is really weird alright let your knife
fighting out what this is but it feels
like lid Hana looks like just to
something big with a hole in it but it
seems very old
but anyway I don't know what it is but
it's very heavy all right I've got the
top to a mason jar lid the old porcelain
believe the rest of the cash is still in
the hole you know the gold gold and
silver coins and all I'm sure it is
here's dad over here we're at the site
we're in near a coastal area and now
we're at the site of an old 1700s
trading posts it was cleared out about a
week ago so up until then this was all
wooded area but I scanned across it real
quickly and didn't didn't get any hit on
metal but back then I guess they were
trading spices for axes or some myths
not necessarily coins but it's still
interesting to be here anyway okay I
just stood this probably about five
inches deep and this whole feels like
lead again it almost looks like a bullet
that's been shot straight down this
heavy light lid get a lot of
miscellaneous items like this out here a
lot of 131 readings and whatnot on the
etrac anyway
you